# Visualizing-Global-Terrorism
Terrorism is one of the most unlawful use of force and violence against humanity in furtherance of any political or social objectives targeting the whole world. Terrorism occurring throughout the world is known as Global Terrorism. Not only it kills people, but it also destroys entire livelihoods, economies, and the whole world order that took millennia to develop. There have been number of attacks that led to numerous disasters and eventually war too. The most dangerous thing about them is their unpredictability. Terrorism is one of the most sensitive topic right now. Considering the recent attacks on Germany, Paris, and many more, we are attempting to provide a visualization that shows how much each countries in the world has suffered from it. We can use this visualization to identify the level of threat to some countries that they face and compare them with other countries. There are some organization like UNO who works to achieve World Peace, this visualization can help them to visualize how much each country is suffering and can compare how many people has lost their lives due to this dreadful act of terrorism. By comparing the number of people killed we can predict the severity of the attacks and can predict how much each country is targeted by different terrorist organization. Everybody notices the attacks on major countries but there are some small countries that faces the same amount of attacks on their people. This visualization may help countries with power and ability to help other such small nations to prevent attacks and in the end achieve World Pease. The above mentioned aspect motivated us to perform this visualization. This is our sincere attempt toward achieving World Pease.
